very good all bed bugs and welcome
once again to channel east 2 I bring a
new top 5 and this time top 5 pokemon
fire type and good to see if we can
reach the figure of 400 likes for
continue with the top 5 weekly already
you know that every Monday I bring you a top 5
of what you leave me in the comments and
well said this I am going to talk about a
topic out of the top 5 and is that yesterday I went up
a new episode good a new guide
of pearls knot that you will have here a
link so you can see the
episodes of père lanús what a lot
people have asked me how the
I will upload well in the episodes is not
what each time they reach the figure
of 200 likes I'll upload the next day
another episode automatically agree
so you know yesterday's episode of
light what led to 300 and peak I find
so the next episodes if
will reach 200 the next day rise
another chapter
and well said and this is production
you can start with the top 5 and on the top
number 5 we have the deadliest the most
deadly I love shortening me is the
Pokemon of fame
apart from elective is good infernal
obviously elective the deadly imac are
two great evolutions that is to say they are a
I love the design of
deadly mac really I say it like
I love the lectures there are people
what is this speculation about that mortal mack
and elective and they are going to be possible
mega evolutions but in the end they finished
being normal evolutions so for
there is some pokemon mystery that
comment finally your arms shoot
fireballs over 2,000 degrees the
breath that gives off is scorching
mortal
and in the top number 4 we have char
manichanh the little sister in her form
offensive
in its form according to the form that
You see here on the screen of agreement
I do not like the way
has when he becomes the attacker
special I like physics much more and
Well, it's a monkey there, you know that I
I have an obsession
with the valentine 'cheers' monkeys so
the little sister deserved to be in the top 5
of pokémons of type fire generates flames
that reach 1,400 degrees
temperature with which it is capable of
destroy a truck and be careful with this
the little sister that you approach a little and
it melts
and well in the top number 3 we have a
talk a frame to frame although a lot
People hate you because it's a pokémon
very common in the meta game is a pokémon
that to use it you simply have
what to give used bird is worth your click
jazz on top of used bird and there's the
true that I love flame heel
I'm not going to deny it for a lot of disgust
have people because a lot of people who
he has a mania to my heel flame of
aspect is great that is for me it is a
barbarity is a damn phoenix and the
true that they have worked hard enough and
that is the top number 3 gets to reach
the 500 kilometers per hour to chase
its prey to whom the blow of
grace with a very weak weak kick
that he would not use this attack
damn heel frame wants the top number
2 we have to make sausages was going to
put a mega char it but good as
this stock of fire type though the
megas also be it anyway
I'm going to place the standard that is
centralize of all life
and good to update obviously had to
to be in this top 5 is to perform first
generation I do not it is not worth although in
this form is not aragon type but
well, it's cool to update me
love to perform is dedicated to flying by
the heavens looking for strong opponents
made by fire through the mouth and is capable of
melt anything however if
his good rival this is already if his rivals
more powerful etc here I lightning in see
that has stayed a bit fair but
good against stronger is the rival of
This lists the win will put the
combat is a very pokémon but that very
direct number 1 we have the report without
comments you already know all is worth a
applause everybody knew all the
Everyone knew that the fire type toc1
I was going to be infernal
there were people things on twitter today has
said that today I was going to upload a top 5 of
people who told me one percent a
it was chinchar
chip being is not report that good comes
of the same evolution range but it's
infernal in top 1 of type pokémons
Fuerza manages his opponents with tremendous
agility in its special form of struggle
use all his movements and good
fans in the top 5 of today good and
speaking of internet by the way that I
so inspiration has come to the head
I do not know if people people who follow me
on twitter he has seen that it will match
minecraft yesterday I said good I'm going to
buy me the premium and I bought the
minecraft award so I'm a
damn not that he's in the world
from minecraft because I am very girlfriend what
I say I'm not much idea
learning and talking about the internet I've
agreed to minecraft because none
internet skin placed in minecraft
the truth is very cool and good
I would like to take advantage of this top too
they asked if you leave me in the
comments if you would like it to start
to bring minecraft from time to time
example some game in sky words
some items in tnt some games
I do not know in your rival what you want
you decide to leave me in the
comments if you would like something from
minecraft in the channel and well said this
already here today's video I hope that
you liked it this afternoon you will have
episode of pokemon see the crazy light like this
Do not miss it if you liked it already
you know 400 likes for this top 5 follow me
on twitter and facebook to not get lost
no video of the channel and see you
jean-charles goodbye